The single biggest contributor to student success in the Nanodegree is time commitment.
The first graduate of any Nanodegree Udacity,
didn't have any prior experience.
He simply worked hard and put in time consistently,
making his Nanodegree part of his daily and weekly schedule.
Now as I mentioned before,
the timeline you're operating on assumes
that you will work on your Nanodegree for 10 hours a week.
Since many students have a lot of other things going on in their lives like jobs,
families or other big commitments,
it's really important to block out time on your calendar every week for your Nanodegree.
While bench learning works well for some people,
the most successful Udacity students
work on their courses and projects multiple times a week.
Not just in one big chunk,
and really a 10 hour chunk would be exhausting.
This helps the learning you're doing stick
better since you're thinking about it more frequently.
On top of that, having a regular weekly routine that you
stick to is really helpful for keeping up your dedication.
Working at about the same time slots each week can be really helpful.
After you do it for a few weeks,
it'll just feel like second nature.
So go into your calendar right now,
and mark out which times you'll work on the Nanodegree this week and next week.